## Tyk-Bank

This repository contains a PoC demonstrating a full stack application powered by :

- Angular
- GraphQL
- GO

and secured by:

- Tyk API Gateway
- Keycloak
- OIDC

### Dependencies

This entire PoC can be run locally using Docker. Though development will require `npm`.

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## IMPORTANT

#### disabling CORS

You will need to run your browser without CORS in order for the front-end to talk to the API.

If Chrome is downloaded on OSX, you can copy paste the following into a terminal:
`open -n -a /Applications/Google\ Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --args --user-data-dir="/tmp/chrome_dev_test" --disable-web-security`

#### MAC OS

This PoC will only work turn-key on Mac OS. That's basically because the Docker networking takes advantage of a special hostname `docker.for.mac.localhost` to wire up a few things together. It's definitely possible to get this running outside OSX, you'll just need to make minor modifications.

## What Is The Stack?

The following are the included services needed to run this PoC

### Front end

- Angular Front End ---> Runs on Port 4200

### Back end

- Go GraphQL Server (Run from source) ---> Port 18080
- PostgreSQL (Go Server DB) ---> Port 15432
- Adminer (DB management for PostgreSQL) ---> Port 7777
- Loans Microservice (Node / Express) ---> Port 3001

### Keycloak

- Keycloak - (Authentication (OIDC) Provider) ---> Runs on port 8081

### Tyk API Gateway

- Tyk API Gateway Stack ---> Gateway and DashBoard on 8080 / 3000 Respectively
- Mongo ---> Port 27017
- Redis ---> Port 6379
- Pump

## Running The Stack

### Prerequisites.

Only things you will need are Docker, a Tyk Pro Dashboard license key, and some time on your hands.
If you don't have a license key, please head on over to www.tyk.io to get a trial key.

When you have your license, please add it to "license_key" field in "confs/tyk_analytics.conf".

### 1) Docker-Compose up

Inside the tyk-bank folder, run `docker-compose up -d` to run all services

### 2) Bootstrap

Run `setup.sh`

```
$ ./setup.sh
```

Note that the `setup_tyk.sh` setup will generate a Tyk user/pw that you will log into the Dashboard with.

### 3. Create bank users with balances

We need to create a user via the GraphQL mutation.
You can copy and paste this cURL:

```
$ curl 'http://localhost:18080/query' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' --data-binary $'{"operationName":"createUser","variables":{"email":"hello@world.com","name":"Hello World","balance":1000},"query":"mutation createUser($balance: Int!, $name: String!, $email: String!){createUser(input: { balance: $balance, name: $name, email: $email }) {id balance name}}"}' --compressed

{"data":{"createUser":{"id":"405551da-f756-11e9-8980-0242c0a81006","balance":1000,"name":"Hello World"}}}
```

Copy the `id` in the response payload for next step.

#### 4. Create Keycloak user with graphql_tag

Log into Keycloak via `http://localhost:8081`. The default user and PW are located in the docker-compose env variables.

Create a user, then head over to the `Attributes` page for that user and create a key called `graphql_id` with the value of `id` in step #3.

#### 5. Setup Tyk

Log onto the dashboard at http://localhost:3000. The username and password were generated by the "setup.sh" script.

1. Import the `graphql-backend/tyk_api_definition.json` file as an API definition.
2. Create a policy that gives access to the API you created above. Take the generated policy ID and stick it in the API definition here created in step #1:

```Javascript
"openid_options": {
    "providers": [
        {
        "issuer": "http://docker.for.mac.localhost:8081/auth/realms/master",
        "client_ids": {
            "dHlrLWJhbms=": "<REPLACE_ME_WITH_POLICY_ID>"
        }
        }
    ],
}
```

3. Do the same for `loan-service/tyk_api_definition.json` but don't create a new policy, simply use the same policy id created in step 2. Modify the policy to give access to both APIs.

Done! Now you can log into the application as a Banking customer on `http://localhost:4200`. Hit sign in and log in using the credentials you created for the keycloak user.

##### Custom IdP?

If you are using everything included in this guide, you can skip to next section.
You will need to inject the generated GraphQL User ID into the OIDC claims (`ID_TOKEN`) so this app can inject it into the Header to Tyk. Also set up the issuer with your provider when creating the API definition within Tyk.

## Todos

Hello Open Source World, can you help ?

- Make work without CORS special browser
- Make work with Windows + Linux
- Replace 'implicit flow' OIDC with something more secure IE OAuth Access Code Flow
- Add ElasticSearch to stack
